Fanning out is half the value. The other half is choosing well — and that happens on the Diff surface.
Select a run and open Diff. A diff is this run's changes against the project's base branch, parsed into a reviewable tree: files, then hunks, then lines — added, removed, or context.
Old and new line numbers are tracked on every line, so a comment can anchor to exactly the right side.
There are two views — unified, changes inline in one column, and side-by-side, old on the left and new on the right. Use whichever reads better.
Branch chips show which branch the run is on. Because every run has its own branch, you review and compare each agent's attempt independently.
Ask the reviewer's questions: did it change the right files, is the change complete, did it touch anything it shouldn't?
But a diff that reads well can still be broken. Run the checks — Asylum's real verification, in the run's own worktree.
You don't configure these per project. Asylum detects them from the project's shape.
Rust runs cargo check, clippy, and test. JavaScript and TypeScript run your package manager's type-check, lint, and test — chosen by lockfile, defaulting to Bun.
Python runs ruff and pytest. Go runs go build, vet, and test. Each reports PASS, FAIL, or skipped when it doesn't apply, with a short summary and a timing.
Now you're comparing on correctness, not just on how the diff looks. Checks run automatically after a successful run finishes, and you can re-run them here anytime.
Say one run's diff is close, but a single line is wrong. Click that line and attach a comment. That's an annotation — anchored to a specific file, line, and side.
Leave as many as you need. They're durable — they survive an app restart — so you can review across sessions. You can resolve or delete them as the run addresses each one.
Here's the powerful part. Collected annotations get sent back to the agent as feedback — and sending them starts a fresh attempt in the same worktree.
The agent iterates on its own changes with your line-level comments in hand. It doesn't start over and it doesn't lose context. The worktree's attempt count ticks up and the new output streams into the same card.
That turns the board into a review-driven loop. Fan out, review, run checks, annotate the promising runs, ship the feedback, and repeat — steering several agents at once with precise, line-anchored feedback.
Re-check the new attempt. When the fix lands and checks go green, this run is looking like the winner.
Diffs read, checks run, one run corrected in place. Next: merging the winner safely.